all right what's up guys Peter Jaguars
here again and I'm going to be opening a
few packs in this video the banner isn't
up yet but EA put out some new football
outsiders cards and they do have this
next gen to the fon Gilmore as well so
let's get in on to it here we are I'm
sorry you don't have more packs I wanted
to get some more from collections and
solos and stuff but it was going to take
too long and as you guys see in the top
right corner there I am stacking in
coins so it's kind of hard for me to do
stuff only 60 coins up but the guys are
breeze drew brees limited edition and
we're going to open this reward pack
first breeze number 2 100 Danny Woodhead
Nate Solder NaVorro Bowman and a keep to
leave i'll show you guys at least that
breeze maybe some of the others at the
end and we got tyron smith in this first
pack 81 overall left tackle with
actually pretty nice blocking stats
their low awareness but pretty good with
his other stuff so we'll throw him into
reserves and open this pro pack and then
the directv pack which was really nice
last week hopefully it'll be good again
we're going to go through in this Pro
Pack fantasy Earl Thomas let's go that
is a maybe my first fantasy pull of the
year even I think it is 88 overall free
safety 92 speed pretty nice coverage
stats that that's a really nice pole I'm
happy to get him finally I pulled
something good we get Tony Tony Moeaki
Mike Smith Kyle Wilber Heath Miller
stadium and a contract so yeah this Earl
t is a beast I'm going to send him to my
active roster and check out what he's
going for I'll probably end up selling
him since I've free safety Megatron but
still nice to get him and wrap this up
we have the direct TV pack maybe your
luck will carry over here's Damian
Williams it'd be sick if I could get
another fantasy
or elite or something we get Stevie
Brown as our first gold we get three
golds in here Eugene Monroe and Dominic
Raiola so I don't think there's anything
else oh we got to sell me and this is
500 coins it's something not great but
it is something so we're gonna throw all
that in reserves i'll probably go show
you guys what that fantasy Earl Thomas
is going for right now and I'll show you
guys the Football Outsiders cards so
here's Earl Thomas on the auction block
going for 10,000 coins with a lot of
them three pages of him but that is
still nice to pull some decent value I
might try to trade them or sell him but
I don't think I'll be keeping him but
anyway there's him let's go check out
those other football outsiders cards
here is the 87 overall Nate Solder
football outsiders and he is speed run
pretty nice card there so if you guys
have speed run that's definitely one
you're gonna want to check out I
couldn't find some of these guys up on
the auction block breeze is there so I
will show him next but I didn't see the
others i am recording this fairly soon
after these guys came out but anyway
let's check out the breeze who is 95
overall should be a nice card here is
the 95 overall limited edition Drew
Brees he is short pass and
ground-and-pound chemistry 63 speed 62
agility 95 awareness 90 throw power 95
throw accuracy and 87 throw deep so he
is decent but not great I want to
compare them to the fantasy Rogers I
have who I think is a better player so
Rogers is yeah I mean it breezes a more
accurate QB but higher awareness for
cubies I almost see is a negative
because it doesn't really mean anything
when you're controlling them and brings
their overall up for some reason
awareness has a huge up
sure I guess and how good a player owes
players overall is but anyway guys that
is going to wrap up the video thanks for
watching stay tuned for more videos I
believe this is my 100th video which is
pretty cool so thanks to you guys for
all the support and we'll make the next
100 videos pretty awesome as well but
leave a like if you enjoyed this video
and enjoyed seeing me pull that fantasy
Earl Thomas I was definitely happy to
get him and subscribe for more mad
knowlton team 25 my 25 contact I'm out
peace